feat(js): Add docs for `updateSpanName` (#11824)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/javascript/common/tracing/instrumentation/custom-instrumentation/index.mdx

### Updating the Span Name

> _Available since: v8.44.0_

Author: ```suggestion
_Available since: v8.46.0_
```

> _Available since: v8.46.0_

Author: ```suggestion
_Available since: v8.47.0_
```

You can update the name of a span at any time:

```javascript
const span = Sentry.getActiveSpan();
if (span) {
  Sentry.updateSpanName(span, "New Name");
}
```

> Prior to v8.39.0, you had to use `span.updateName('New Name')`, which had some limitations in `@sentry/node` and SDKs depending on it (e.g. `@sentry/nextjs`):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prior to v8.39.0, you had to use `span.updateName('New Name')`, which had some limitations in `@sentry/node` and SDKs depending on it (for example, `@sentry/nextjs`):
```

> - Spans with `http.method` or `http.request.method` attributes would automatically have their name set to the method + the URL path

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Spans with `http.method` or `http.request.method` attributes would automatically have their name set to the method + the URL path.
```

> - Spans with `db.system` attributes would automatically have their name set to the system + the statement

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Spans with `db.system` attributes would automatically have their name set to the system + the statement.
```

> Using `Sentry.updateSpanName()` instead of `span.updateName()` ensures that the name is updated correctly and no longer overwritten in these cases.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using `Sentry.updateSpanName()` ensures that the name is updated correctly and no longer overwritten in these cases.
```

> In browser environments (if you use `@sentry/browser`, `@sentry/react`, etc), `span.updateName()` and `Sentry.updateSpanName()` are identical and you can use either of them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use `@sentry/browser`, `@sentry/react`, and so on in browser environments, `span.updateName()` and `Sentry.updateSpanName()` will function identically, so you can use either one of them.
```
